# ProjectIII
## Project 3 for UM Fintech BC
## Description
+ This project ("Project 3") is required by the UM BC class. Here, I will attempt to create a decentralized applicaions aimed to perform two things: 1. A ballot for an annual Board of Directors election; and 2. A ballot to vote for an annual budget.  

## Contributor
+ Eduardo "Edy" Quin

## Usage
+ These Dapps, or decentralized applications, are aimed to make the corporate governance processes of electing members of a Board of Directors and approving an annual Budget more efficient by making the processes more transparent using blockchain and saving costs on running the processes annually. 

## Support
+ UM BC staff

## Tools
+ Remix IDE
+ Metamask
+ Ganache

## Citations
+ https://www.manning.com/books/building-ethereum-dapps
+ https://remix-ide.readthedocs.io/en/latest/running_js_scripts.html#compile-a-contract-and-run-a-script-on-the-fly
+ Few individuals participate in shareholder voting but that may change (cnbc.com)
+ 2020 Proxy Season Review (broadridge.com)
+ Say Technologies is Joining Robinhood — Under the Hood
+ broadridge-proxypulse_2022-season-preview-and-2021-review.pdf
+ Simplify the annual meeting process for Corporate Issuer | Broadridge
+ https://www.broadridge.com/white-paper/principles-and-best-practices-for-virtual-annual-shareowner-meetings 
+ Principles and Best Practices for Virtual Annual Shareowner Meetings (broadridge.com)
+ Say for Investors (saytechnologies.com)
+ Say for Public Companies (saytechnologies.com)
+ https://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?company=&CIK=&type=8-k&owner=include&count=40&action=getcurrent 
+ Solidity by Example — Solidity 0.8.14 documentation (soliditylang.org) 


## Images
+ 

## The objective for ProjectIII
+ The objective for ProjectIII is to utilize blockchain technology to make corporate processes more efficient and less costly. The corporate processes targeted require the participation of shareholders which are very numerous. The costs generated by theses processes on an annual basis can be significant. Moreover, as is the case with elections of members of the Board of Directors, the results are often mistrusted and the procedure often opaque at best. 
 
## Use cases 
+ Private corporations, associations, and other legal entities run by a group of elected administrators who are elected by shareholders/constituents. 

## Final Word
+ Blockchain technology is based upon the trust shared by its constituents, whether in a cryptocurrency community context or any other context. What seems to be the focal point is that by making the procedures and processes open for anyone to see, and making any changes to the procedures and processes require "consensus" among the community's members, trust is instigated, established, and guarded. The  nature of decentralized applications (contracts) is of a well regulated democracy wherein the constituents of it are policing each other, and the language (or code) of the contract becomes immutable.  
